
**Meeting 1** <br/>
**Date:** 6 / 10 / 2021 
Participants: All members

First meeting. Project repository is created. We talk about our ideas about project features and also ask questions to Eray Hoca.   

*******************************************************

**Meeting 2**  <br/>
**Date:** 10 / 10 / 2021
Participants: All members

We created readme.md and wrote project descriptions.

*******************************************************

**Meeting 3**  <br/>
**Date:** 17 / 10 / 2021
Participants: All members

It was decided to contact the Ministry of Health and BCC to gather information about the project.
Talked about how to split diagrams: Use case/ Class Diagrams/ Sequence Diagrams/ State Diagrams
A new meeting is scheduled for Tuesday, 19.10.2021 at 5.30 pm to start creating the diagrams.

*******************************************************

**Meeting 4** <br/>
**Date:** 19 / 10 / 2021 <br/>
start: 5.50 pm <br/>
end: 7.50 pm <br/>
Room: Library <br/>
Participants: All members

**1. Objective:** <br/>
Start the User Interface <br/>

**2. Discussion Items:** <br/>
How will be the user interface of Main Menu/instructors/students <br/>

**3. Wrap up**<br/>
Meeting Critique <br/>
A new meeting is scheduled for Sunday, 24.10.2021 at 1.00 pm to start creating the diagrams.

*******************************************************

**Meeting 5** <br/>
**Date:** 24 / 10 / 2021 <br/>
start: 2.00 pm <br/>
end: 8.30 pm <br/>
Room: Library <br/>
Participants: All members

**1. Objective:** <br/>
Completing the user interface <br/>
Task sharing for drawing diagrams <br/>
Meeting with Bilkent staff: <br/>
1) Catering <br/>
2) Bilkent Health Center (Doctor) <br/>
3) Main Sports Hall Facilities Supervisor: Orhan Saffetoğlu <br/>
4) BCC <br/>

**2. Discussion Items:** <br/>
How will be the user interface of Main Menu/instructors/students? <br/>
what students expect from this app? <br/>
What are the difficulties in the sport center when making an appointment during the pandemic period? <br/>
How can the order of meals in the cafeteria be reduced? <br/>
Can we pull information about students' hes code from BCC's database? <br/>
What each user will see in the interface?

**3. Wrap up**<br/>
Meeting Critique <br/>
A new meeting is scheduled for Tuesday, 26.10.2021 at 6.00 pm to start creating the diagrams.

*******************************************************

**Meeting 6** <br/>
**Date:** 26 / 10 / 2021 <br/>
start: 6.00 pm <br/>
end: 7.30 pm <br/>
Room: Library <br/>
Participants: All members

**1. Objective:** <br/>
The drawn class diagram and use case diagram will be discussed.

**2. Discussion Items:** <br/>
How can we draw a class diagram without using an interfaces? <br/>
What are include and exclude on the Use Case Diagram

**3. Wrap up**<br/>
Meeting with TA Erdem Tuna. <br/>
A new meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, 27.10.2021 at 9.00 pm to start creating the diagrams.

*******************************************************

**Meeting 7** <br/>
**Date:** 27 / 10 / 2021
start: 9.00 pm <br/> 
end: 10.30 pm <br/>
Room: Discord <br/>
Participants: All members but Ezgi Lena Sönmez

**1. Objective:** <br/>
The distribution of work will be re-arrenged at the meeting.

**2. Discussion Items:** <br/>
How can we divide up the tasks so we can do it more efficiently and quickly?

**3. Wrap up**<br/>
İkbal and Sergen will finish the class and state diagrams. <br/>
Egemen will look at how we can draw user interfaces from the net. If he can find them, he will make them. <br/>
Salih will transfer the use case diagram to the visual paradigm and start the activity diagram. <br/>
Ezgi Lena will write the explanation of the Use Case diagram in the report. <br/>
A new meeting is scheduled for Thursday, 28.10.2021 at 9.00 pm to observe the process.

*******************************************************

**Meeting 8** <br/>
**Date:** 28 / 10 / 2021 <br/> 
start: 9.00 pm <br/> 
end: 11.30 pm <br/> 
Room: Discord <br/> 
Participants: All members

**1. Objective:** <br/>
The class Diagram drawn by Sergen and İkbal will be checked <br/>
The use case diagram drawn by Salih will be checked

**2. Discussion Items:** <br/>
What is the problem with the use case diagram drawn with multiple users? <br/>
Where can the UI be drawn?

**3. Wrap up**<br/>
Diagrams checked. <br/>
A new meeting is scheduled for Friday, 29.10.2021 at 9.00 pm to take the new works.

*******************************************************

**Meeting 9** <br/>
**Date:** 29 / 10 / 2021 <br/> 
start: 2.00 pm <br/> 
end: 3.30 pm <br/> 
Room: Discord <br/> 
Participants: All members

**1. Objective:** <br/>
The class diagram discussion will end. <br/>
The use case diagram discussion will end. <br/>
New missions will be taken

**2. Discussion Items:** <br/>
When to talk to asistant?

**3. Wrap up**<br/>
Salih took activity diagram. <br/>
İkbal and Sergen took state and sequence diagrams. <br/>
Egemen took on the task of drawing user interfaces.  <br/>
Ezgi Lena took to write to report part that "Who was spoken to?" and the explanations of the diagrams <br/>
A new meeting is scheduled for Saturday, 30.10.2021 at 12.00 pm to check all work.

*******************************************************

**Meeting 10** <br/>
**Date:** 30 / 10 / 2021 <br/> 
start: 12.00 pm <br/> 
end: 3.00 pm <br/> 
Room: Discord <br/> 
Participants: All members

**1. Objective:** <br/>
Some questions will be asked to TA Erdem at five pm. <br/>
Drawing diagrams will end after asking the questions.

**2. Discussion Items:** <br/>
How can we write notations in state diagram for some unique elements? <br/>
How can the use diagram less complicated? <br/>

**3. Wrap up**<br/>
A new meeting is scheduled for Saturday, 30.10.2021 at 9.00 pm to.

*******************************************************

**Meeting 11** <br/>
**Date:** 30 / 10 / 2021 <br/> 
start: 9.00 pm <br/> 
end: 10.00 pm <br/> 
Room: Discord <br/> 
Participants: All members

**1. Objective:** <br/>
According to asked questions fix the diagrams. <br/>
Seperate the works to member for report.

**2. Discussion Items:** <br/>
How can we seperate the diagrams explanations?

**3. Wrap up**<br/>
A new meeting is scheduled for Sunday, 31.10.2021 at 12.00 pm to .

*******************************************************

**Meeting 12** <br/>
**Date:** 31 / 10 / 2021 <br/> 
start: 12.00 pm <br/> 
end: 11.00 pm <br/> 
Room: Discord <br/> 
Participants: All members

**1. Objective:** <br/>
Finish the whole report until midnight.

**2. Discussion Items:** <br/>
Should we delete some sequence diagrams since for some part they do the same thing?

**3. Wrap up**<br/>
No meeting scheduled because analysis report iteration 1 is done.

*******************************************************

**Meeting 13** <br/>
**Date:** 09 / 11 / 2021 <br/> 
start: 6.30 pm <br/> 
end: 22.30 pm <br/> 
Room: Library <br/> 
Participants: All members

**1. Objective:** <br/>
Discuss what is missing in our project. <br/>
Do the peer review for another group.

**2. Discussion Items:** <br/>
How can we grade the report of the other group's report? <br/>
Should we write every single mistake we see? <br/>
How will we seperate the works (backend/frontend) when we do the project coding?

**3. Wrap up**<br/>
No meeting scheduled because peer review is done.
